# Product Perspective

### Scenarios

1. The user Luke has just bought his new electric vehicle and wants to find places where he can charge the battery of his new car. Luke decides to download on his mobile phone and register to the eMall service. He opens the applications and inserts his data, including his car(s) ~~information~~ and a payment method; he also allows the system to access his calendar and navigation system in order to use all features provided.
2. John is a new user really passionate about electric cars, in his garage has 4 different electric vehicles. During the registration, he inserts all his cars, provides ~~the related information,~~ and selects the car that uses on a daily basis as "Currently using". The eMSP gives John suggestions considering his  "Currently using" car, also when John books a charge, the system considers only the sockets compatible with the car. In the weekend Jhon decides to drive another car and select his truck as "Currently Using".
3. The user Luke is driving for a long trip and his navigation system is active. While he is following the path, the system acquire information on the battery status and realizes that he will not be able to reach the destination without stopping for charging and it computes the best charging station to stop (considering the time lost for charging the vehicle and the battery status). The system sends a notification to Luke about the suggested stop for the "Currently Using" vehicle; Luke accept the suggestion and the system reserve a socket of the correct type for his car in the suggested charging point.
4. Luke has already booked a charge in the charging station Y, arrives at the location and park the car in front of the correct socket. From the mobile application he select the option to start the charge and the CPMS unlock the socket. Luke insert the plug in the socket and the CPMS locks the socket. The CPMS consider all available options to transfer the energy considering the cost of the electricity of every DSO available and the CP battery, at the end it decides to use the CP battery for the energy flow and starts the charging process. After some minutes the CPMS realizes that the battery of the car is full and stops the energy flow, the eMSP sends a notification to Luke, who returns to the car. Luke end the charging process with his mobile application, the CPMS unlocks the socket and Luke removes the plug. At the end the eMPS pays for the service with payment method provided by Luke. Now the socket is free and available for other users.
5. Mark works for a CPO, recently the company has signed a contract with "Energy Distribution" DSO that force the company to acquire the energy only from it for an entire month. Mark login in the CPMS of the company with his credentials and select the option that force every CP to acquire energy only from "Energy Distribution". At the end of the month, Mark reset the CMPS to let him choose the best strategy to acquire energy.
6. Mark, that still works for a CPO, is sent to a CPMS that must do some maintenance work for increasing the CP battery capacity, so decides to manually set the energy acquisition only from DSOs, excluding the CP battery. After a week the CP battery is repaired and Mark resets the default settings, in this way the CPMS has the full control on the CP. It notice that the prices of the DSO are increased esponentially in this period and the CP battery is not used to his new full potential, so mix the energy flow with the DSOs, in order to optimize the cost.
7. Luke uses his calendar on a daily basis to manage his business meetings. The eMPS acquire information from his mobile phone calendar application, consider also the battery status and realize that there is a convenient CP near a business meeting location. It sends a notification to Luke who accepts the suggestion. A socket of the CP is booked.
